Add behavioral subfeature data guideline (#26781)
mdn/browser-compat-data: docs/data-guidelines/index.md

This guideline was proposed in [#15703](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/15703). See [mdn/content#5549](https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/5549) and [#10490](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/10490) for further discussion on the use of "deprecated."

## Behavioral subfeatures

A behavioral subfeature records support for some facet, nuance, or evolution of a parent feature, where the behavior doesn't have a natural identifier (like CSS properties, API methods, or HTTP headers do).

If a more specific guideline applies (such as [`secure_context_required`](./api.md#secure-context-required-secure_context_required)), follow that guideline instead of this one.

Behavioral subfeatures are rare.
Do not create a subfeature when the behavioral subfeature's `support` data would be the same, across all browsers, as the parent feature.
For serious bugs affecting a single engine, consider using `partial_implementation` instead. <!-- TODO: link to partial_implementation guidelines, when available -->

You may create a behavioral subfeature for the following types of browser behaviors:

> - A contextual support condition this is not readily feature detectable, such as a CSS layout context or the effect of [an IDL extended attribute](https://dontcallmedom.github.io/webidlpedia/extended-attributes.html).
> 
>   For example, if support for a CSS property is conditioned on the layout context where that property is used, create a subfeature of the property to represent the behavior (as demonstrated by `css.properties.gap.flex_context` and `css.properties.gap.grid_context`).

Reviewer: Here's what I had in mind:

```suggestion
- When support depends on a contextual condition that cannot be easily or accurately feature-detected.

  Examples:
  1. CSS layout context: The CSS property `gap` depends on the layout context, so there are behavioral subfeatures `flex_context` and `grid_context` to distinguish support (see: [css/properties/gap.json](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/blob/main/css/properties/gap.json)).
  2. Effects of [an IDL extended attribute](https://dontcallmedom.github.io/webidlpedia/extended-attributes.html) <!-- Add example -->
```

Same for the behavioral evolution.

This guideline was proposed in [#15703](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/15703). See [mdn/content#5549](https://github.com/mdn/content/discussions/5549) and [#10490](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/issues/10490) for further discussion on the use of "deprecated."

## Behavioral subfeatures

A behavioral subfeature records support for some facet, nuance, or evolution of a parent feature, where the behavior doesn't have a natural identifier (like CSS properties, API methods, or HTTP headers do).

If a more specific guideline applies (such as [`secure_context_required`](./api.md#secure-context-required-secure_context_required)), follow that guideline instead of this one.

Behavioral subfeatures are rare.
Do not create a subfeature when the behavioral subfeature's `support` data would be the same, across all browsers, as the parent feature.
For serious bugs affecting a single engine, consider using `partial_implementation` instead. <!-- TODO: link to partial_implementation guidelines, when available -->

You may create a behavioral subfeature for the following types of browser behaviors:

> - A contextual support condition this is not readily feature detectable.

Author: ```suggestion
- A contextual support condition that is not readily feature detectable.
```
